# NYC Citi Bike Analysis
## Des Moines is ready to replicate the Citi Bike success of NYC.

The goal of this analysis is to demonstrate that a bike-sharing program in Des Moines will be a viable business opportunity for our investors.

This reports first examines the successful venture of the NYC Citi Bike program via various matrix and observes followings:

1. During the month of August 2019, the bike utilization shows significant number of bikes were used for over 1M minutes. 

2. over 80% of the riders were long-term subscribers providing steady ridership and revenue to the program.

3. Across all age groups, the long-term subscribers generated about 1K of tripduration on average.

The particular question we are addressing is whether the density of McDonal's in New York City affects the people's trip pattern.  Also, if Des Moines exhibits a similar density of McDonal's to support likely trip pattern of its residents and visitors.

The following resources were utilized to support the conclusion:

1. Des Moines Tourism Website
2. New York McDonal's dataset
3. Iowa McDonal's dataset

Upon the comparison of the maps generated by the August 2019 NYC data, as well as the locations of the McDonal's in NYC and Des Moines, I conclude that Des Moines is showing a similar distribution of the McDonal's locations and it's highly likely that our bike sharing program will be a great success in Des Moines as well.

[link to dashboard] https://public.tableau.com/profile/hannah.chung7393#!/vizhome/Book1_15937627048070/Story1

